update commands and options list with `--outputs-version` (#7422)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/reference/cli-commands/index.mdx

## npx ampx generate outputs

Generate the backend outputs file (e.g. `amplify_outputs.json`) for your frontend application to consume. This is intended to be used to manually generate a configuration file for an environment other than your personal cloud sandbox. For example, you might use it if you would like to verify something your coworker is seeing in their cloud sandbox, or to demonstrate frontend changes locally using a pre-existing "staging" branch.

<SubCommandHeading parentCommand="ampx-generate-outputs">Options</SubCommandHeading>

> In addition to the required options noted in [`amplify generate`](#amplify-generate):

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to the required options noted in [`ampx generate`](#npx-ampx-generate):
```
